This should be a sort of running blog of comments on the overall project.
This line is instructions for the vim editor: vim:textwidth=80
If you're not using vim, ignore the above.

3/31/12:
Added another tab to notebook. However, I think I've over-complicated this; we
might be better served by replacing the notebook entirely with some sort of rich
text control. When a new item is selected we'd just re-write the control
contents.

Discovered the wonder of spacers and began adding some to layout, to improve
appearance. Layout continues to be a challenge, it looks like I might be better
off replacing GridSizers with nested BoxSizers.

As of now I'm giving up on wxGlade. The USBProbeMain.py file will now be updated
by hand, and USBProbe.wxg will be removed. wxGlade has a nice interface but is
WAY too buggy to be useful. Time saved with tool < time lost dealing with weird
UI issues and (occasionally) hand-editing corrupted XML.

So far I have been unable to find a decent free graphical UI designer for
wxPython. WTF? wxGlade seems moribund, pythoncard hasn't been updated in years.
Did everyone give up on layout editors and do it by hand?

4/2/12:

Removed wxGlade stuff. Reorganized USBMainProbe.py to something more
human-friendly.  Once the code is logically organized, and layout of an element
is closer to creation of an element, it really isn't hard to work with.

Realized I was just creating extra work by wrapping usb.core.Device attributes
in USBDevice attributes. Exposed the Device directly and removed attributes
that weren't computed in some fashion. Really should just inherit from Device,
but not sure what all the ramifications are, as Device is generated by SWIG and
not "pure" python. But how will I know if I don't try it?

Dropped the tabbed notebook UI element and replaced it with an HTMLWindow,
which just gets new contents when the user clicks an item. This is working
pretty well. It also lends itself to generating output based on the dynamic
attributes of the Device object, which I expect will be more robust.

4/15/12:

Removing USB stuff. It's not necessary as the radios all communicate with
serial protocol anyway. See new separate project 'usbprobe'.

Updated files to PEP8 formatting standards. I have reservations about the
80-character line length, but what the hell.

5/26

Getting behind on the log. Have discovered and am using the python/pip module
XBee 2. It takes care of some of the low-level stuff I was spending time on,
and seems to working nicely.

Ran into major problems with wxPython 2.8 and the wx.TextCtl. Like "crashes
the app when attempting to write multiple lines." Switched to 2.9 and all my
problems went away.

6/17

Best practices note: When you have a sub-panel on a wx window, it works far
better to implement the panel as separate class than to try to build and add
its children in the parent. Looks like a lot of (relatively) small classes
is the way to go. Not sure if this is a product of how wxPython works or just
some defect in my understanding.

2013
Clearly haven't accomplished much lately except to change practically everything 
about the project. Must take better notes.

The command to load an FTDI driver if the kernel doesn't do so automatically:
sudo modprobe ftdi_sio
